c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.exe.config
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.exe
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.pdb
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.g.resources
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.exe
c:\users\rkatiyar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\DataBindingandMVVMDemo\obj\Debug\DataBindingandMVVMDemo.pdb
